This is a description of Udacity API. There are 2 classes with which we would work – Catalog and User. 

In class Catalog() we will use these functions:
1.	def __init__(self)  

A wrapper a new catalog to interact with.

2.	def clear(self) – 
  Clears all stored catalog data.

3.	def __get(self)
  Gets and caches catalog data from Udacity’s website and returns dictionary of the entire course catalog.
  
4.	def all(self)
  Gets the entire catalog and returns dictionary of the entire catalog.
  
5.	def courses(self)
  Gets the courses portion of the catalog and returns list of dictionary of all course data.

6.	def course(self, key)
  Gets the data for one course. Takes as arguments key (string) – the course ID and returns dictionary of the course data.

7.	def instructions(self, key) 
  Gets instructor information for a course. Takes as arguments key(string) – the course ID and returns list of dictionary of info on each instructor in the course.

8.	def tracks(self)
  Gets all tracks and returns list of dictionary of all tracks.

9.	def track(self, name)
  Gets information for one track. Takes as arguments key(string) – name of the track, e.g. “Data Science” and returns dictionary of track info.

10.	def degrees(self)
  Gets all degrees and returns list of dictionary of degrees info.

11.	def degree(key)
  Gets the info from one degree and returns dictionary of degree info.

In class User() we will use these functions:
1.	def __init__(self, email, password) 
  Creates a new User instance.

2.	def clear(self)
  Clears the cache.

3.	def __auth(self)
  Checks if a user is logged in; if not, log them in. Returns dictionary of session data;

4.	def account(self)
  Gets all account data for a user and returns dictionary of User account info.

5.	def key(self)
  Gets a user’s Udacity ID and returns string of User’s ID.

6.	def name(self)
  Gets a user’s name and returns string of User’s name.

7.	def nickname(self)
  Gets a user’s nickname and returns string of User’s nickname.

8.	def email(self) 
  Gets a user’s email address and returns string of User’s email.

9.	def email_preferences(self)
  Gets a user’s preferences for things like newsletters, class emails, etc. and returns dictionary of User’s email preferences.

10.	def site_preferences(self)
  Gets a user’s preferences for thing like video quality and playback and returns dictionary of User’s site preferences.

11.	def enrollments(self)
  Gets the ID’s of courses a user is enrolled in and returns list of courses enrolled in.

12.	def progress(self, key)
  Gets progress in one course, takes as argument string of Course ID and returns dictionary of info about a course.

13.	def get_lesson_info(course_data)
  Gets all course’s data and returns info about a lesson.

14.	def get_lesson_progress(course_data)
  Gets all course’s data and returns progress of a lesson.

15.	def get_course_info(course_data)
  Gets all course’s data and returns info about a course.

16.	def get_course_progress(course_data)
  Gets all course’s data and returns progress of a course.
